-Sir.
-Sir, are you okay?
-Sir…
-Why is he bleeding so much?
Do you want to…
Sir, are you okay? Sir.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Witch Baba.
Today is October 5th.
Last time, I predicted that someone
would be stabbed to death.
And it came true.
We're still going to draw
the next prediction today.
Weather Rada upright.
London Big Ben reversed.
Alien reversed.
In the future,
someone will fall from a footbridge
and die.
-Take off your mask!
-Again?
Are the cops asleep?
-Tag the police!
-Enough already.
-Jeez!
-Fall from a footbridge?
Which one?
-Another death…
-Scary.
-Predict one, then.
-Cyber police?
-High-Tech Crime.
-Witch Baba is Yeh Pin-hsuan.
Yeh Pin-hsuan.
-Yeh Pin-hsuan?
-Killer.
-Dox her.
-Boost this.
WITCH BABA'S IDENTITY EXPOSED!
ONLINE CAKE SHOP OWNER!
-So scary.
-No way.
-Her address.
-Photo?
YEH PIN-HSUAN
ABOUT
COPY PRE-ORDER NUMBER
BINGJIANG ST., WANHUA DISTRICT
Let's confront her directly.
-Witch Baba found.
-Confirmed.
POLICE NAME WITCH BABA AS YEH PIN-HSUAN
ONLINE CAKE SHOP OWNER!
-Which one is it?
-This one.
-This one…
-Come out!
Aren't you a baker?
Hey, they make cakes.
Where's the strawberry sauce?
-Give her some--
-Extra topping for her.
-Eat this!
-Fuck!
-Extra topping for her!
-Fuck, come out!
Killer!
-Someone's coming.
-What the hell?
WHAT TO DO ON SATURDAY
TREAT YOU TO A CREAM CAKE!
I think he looks like a birthday boy.
Hey, buddy…
Happy birthday!
Hey, come on. Blow out the candles!
Your glasses are cool.
Here.
LIN O-YU
-Hello?
-Hello, Ting-yu.
How are you doing?
I'm still alive.
I saw Yeh Pin-hsuan
on "What To Do on Saturday."
So?
I'll send it to you.
WAN-WAN
I ordered a cake from Sweet Spot
a few days ago.
And Lin Po-lun delivered it.
So?
Why should I care?
No, listen.
Yeh Pin-hsuan appeared
in Lin Po-lun's channel.
Lin Po-lun delivered a cake
for Yeh Pin-hsuan.
There must be a connection here.
They must've been a couple.
Then they're a psycho couple
who love and kill each other.
What does this have to do with me?
I find it very strange, too.
What's so strange about it?
That means the killer…
It's just random killing.
We suspect that she killed Lin Po-lun.
But we don't have a motive.
But I'm sure that Liu Yen-hua
was killed by a man.
But she was at both crime scenes
and in RS E-Sports.
Fuck.
Shit. That's not good.
The killer isn't killing randomly
What? Hello?
KAO PI
AUDIO CALL
AMY HOSTEL CALLING
Here, I received 500 NTD.
Your change is 101 NTD…
Where have you been?
I went shopping.
What did you buy?
Let's just go home.
-What did you buy?
-Let's go home, okay?
-Let me see.
-Don't…
Hoping to kill someone?
No.
-Let's talk at home.
-What?
No.
What?
I'm sorry…
Let's just go home.
Yeh Pin-hsuan…
AMY HOSTEL CALLING
Seal off all footbridges in Taipei City,
and find Yeh Pin-hsuan!
But sir, there are 79 footbridges.
Where do we start--
Call all precincts for backup and support.
Okay, High-Tech Crime Unit.
Get every camera feed
around the footbridges.
What? They found a body?
-Intersection of Keelung and Xinyi.
-Let's go.
Hurry…
High-Tech Crime Unit, go!
Quick…
-Li Hsin-ping, hurry up!
-Yes.
Li Hsin-ping.
You're not going.
Did they have enemies?
-No, you can't do that.
-Did you call the cops?
Did you call the cops to handle this?
Really? That's awful.
Excuse me. Coming through.
Who the heck did this?
What a bunch of assholes.
They sprayed my door like this.
-It's not coming off.
-Excuse me.
Do you know who lives here?
Know them?
I'm the landlady.
I saw the news, and--
Please open the door for me.
-Police investigation.
-What?
You're a police officer?
Even the police are here…
I don't know what to do.
DIY CLASS APPOINTMENT
FLOUR, RAW MILK, CAKE BOX FACTORY
-Kao Pi!
-Calm down.
Calm down.
-Alright.
-Kao Pi!
Less than ten minutes
after Witch Baba uploaded the video,
the fifth victim appeared.
His identity has reportedly been revealed
as the famous influencer Kao Pi.
There's a new theory online
saying the so-called Witch Baba
is just a copycat killer.
The real killer is still at large.
And according to insider sources,
Yeh Pin-hsuan committed suicide
early this morning.
She was declared dead at the hospital.
Yes, sir. I know.
Okay, got it. Okay.
No problem. I'll take care of it.
Okay, got it.
Thank you, sir.
Sir.
The CID is taking over the case.
It's now a serial murder case.
The division head's in charge.
The High-Tech Crime Unit
will handle the precinct's role.
Yes, sir.
Not your concern
What are you doing now?
I'm informing my colleagues
of the situation.
How many more have to die?
-What?
-Did you leak Yeh Pin-hsuan's info?
What?
You got her exposed online.
You got her brand boycotted.
You got her cyberbullied.
She died because of you.
Officer.
Now they're punishing everyone involved.
I'll get screwed for this,
so will Mr. Jen!
And you'll be off the unit.
You're benched
until the ruling comes down.
Sir.
-She isn't involved in this.
-Of course! This is all on you!
-Fuck!
-What?
Shit!
Your video is on the internet.
-Get his face…
-I can't…
Fuck! Hurry, get past him. Quick!
Go faster! You suck.
-Get him.
-Get his face! Aim for his tires.
What the heck?
Don't let it hit me…
-YOU THINK THAT'S FUN?
-THE TRUTH IS OUT!
WEI YEN, WA TSAI,
KAO PI, TING-YU ARE LINKED
THE KILLER WANTS REVENGE
-WITCH BABA TARGETED THEM
-SO TING-YU'S NEXT?
-TING-YU, WANNA EXPLAIN?
-SAY SOMETHING
Hurry up! It hit me!
She's targeted you since day one.
Why didn't you tell the police?
-Get his head!
-Shit! He's lighting the big one.
No. These two things aren't related.
How long have you been hiding this for?
I wasn't hiding anything, I just…
You're now a major person of interest.
Please cooperate with the police.
Get him back to the hospital.
Hey.
Are you okay?
Define "okay"?
How can you even smile?
None of this would've happened
if you hadn't made such a huge mess.
I had no idea.
How could I have known
it would end up like this?
Tell me, were there any casualties?
No.
No?
I don't think so.
It looked fine to me back then.
"Looked"?
It was serious.
Why didn't you call an ambulance?
Why didn't you tell Mr. Jen?
-I didn't think they were related.
-They are related.
If you'd told the police,
we would've solved it by now.
Kao Pi died because of you.
So did Wa Tsai.
Yeh Pin-hsuan…
Hey.
Hey, come on.
Why are you doing this?
Yeh Pin-hsuan didn't die because of you.
They all died because of me.
"They"?
Who are they?
None of your business.
Wait.
Look.
I'm being threatened online.
Of course it's my business.
I could die any minute.
My friend has been missing for five days.
I need you to find her now, please.
We don't have a search warrant.
Do you want to get sued?
Then why not request a search warrant?
If it's that easy, you do it
Sir, I'm requesting a search warrant.
Not again.
I suspect his girlfriend is in his place.
Didn't you go to his place?
Did you see his girlfriend?
I didn't see her.
I couldn't go in without a search warrant.
When we got there,
his dog kept barking at one of the doors--
This is because of a dog?
CASE REPORTING PROCEDURE
Not by the book.
CHEN WEI-JOU
WHAT? WHAT HAPPENED?
SINGLE
Mr. Kao, this is a Taipei District Court
search warrant. Open up.
Stop!
Come here.
Fuck! Let go of me!
I later found out
she tried to leave her boyfriend,
so he locked her up.
She had already been held hostage
for two weeks.
In the end, she chose to die.
I've always wondered,
if I had gone in just a little sooner…
would she…
have lived?
POLICE EXAM
That's when I decided
to get into the High-Tech Crime Unit.
I wanted a faster, more efficient way
to help desperate people.
Even now, I still worry…
That I'm useless.
Whether it was then or now,
no matter which unit I'm in…
I can't change anything.
Why are you following me?
Your boss said to get me to the hospital.
-I'm a major person of interest.
-Then take a cab.
Hey.
I'm already injured!
What do you want? You're so annoying.
I just think you became a cop
because someone needs your help.
I can't help anyone.
You can help me.
Witch Baba is behind all this.
If I don't find out who she is,
I'll never forgive myself.
I won't be able to die in peace.
Why should I care?
Hey.
You want to be a cop
just like I want to be an influencer.
There's a reason.
Give me a hand.
I wanted to be an influencer
to get my dad's attention.
When I was little,
my dad owed gambling debts
and then he left.
I barely ever saw him.
He said he'd come back.
It was all bullshit.
I worked hard making videos,
acting like an idiot,
trying to get famous.
I just hoped that one day,
if I did make it,
he could see me online.
But right when I hit 500k subscribers,
my grandma told me he passed away.
I lost all motivation.
But at that time,
one of my fans told me
that when her mom died,
my videos helped her through it.
It was my videos
that helped her through the toughest time.
I don't know how that became this.
But I think there must be something
that only we can do.
We haven't caught the killer yet.
Pull yourself together.
It's not that easy.
Yeh Pin-hsuan was a Witch Baba copycat.
Maybe Yeh Pin-hsuan…
Maybe Witch Baba contacted her.
Witch Baba contacted Wa Tsai.
Wait.
Chen Chia-jen knows all this.
Didn't he tell you?
They don't tell me anything.
Hey.
Where are you going now?
-Back to the High-Tech Crime Unit.
-You're going back?
I joined the unit
so I couldn't hide behind procedure.
OPEN
Hey, sir.
-Can I help you?
-I want to ask…
What is it?
Do you sell these here?
Lots of people are buying them.
They're all sold out now.
-Really?
-All gone.
Also…
Well… This one…
Wait, this girl…
Do you know her?
Do I know her?
She comes here often.
To buy what?
She bought the cards you're looking for.
And this mask.
Yu-chieh.
Guess what place I got today?
You're home.
Dinner's ready.
The unit must've seized
Yeh Pin-hsuan's phone.
We're on our own.
How?
Hop on and I'll explain.
-Hey.
-Ready? Yes?
Can your High-Tech Crime Unit
restore deleted videos from the phone?
Piece of cake.
EVIDENCE ROOM
Hey, good job.
OFFICER SHEN WEI-HAO
What are those?
Evidence.
-Evidence? What evidence?
-Yeah.
I seized them
from an illegal balloon vendor.
Why?
I couldn't stand by and watch.
Gosh, I dropped it.
Jeez, come on.
-It's heavy. Can you carry it?
-Can't you see I'm on duty?
-Just take it to the second floor.
-Hey.
-Thanks.
-Come back.
Thanks.
Shit.
So annoying.
MAINTAIN PUBLIC ORDER,
PROTECT SOCIETY, PREVENT ALL HARM
Why aren't you in the hospital?
I'm here to return Officer Li's keys.
I borrowed her scooter.
Give them to me.
-I'll just put them here.
-I said, give them to me.
These are Li Hsin-ping's keys?
I was surprised, too.
Hey, didn't I tell you to call me?
I don't have your number.
You can call and ask me.
-Literally, how?
-A-Li.
Are these your keys?
Yes, they're mine.
Aren't you leaving?
Great job, everyone.
-I forgot my balloons?
-Keep it up.
A-Li, thanks for your hard work.
Mr. Li.
EVIDENCE ROOM
What are you doing?
Sir.
-Are you stealing evidence?
-No, I'm submitting evidence.
Why did you hide behind the cabinet?
Because this just fell back there.
I was picking it up.
What is that?
I don't know.
Hand it over.
What were you doing in here?
I came to submit evidence.
You're hiding something.
Leave now!
Yes, sir.
Li Hsin-ping.
Don't forget which unit you're in.
High-Tech Crime.
I'm sorry.
Hey, Ting-yu.
Catch.
-Shit.
-Hey.
-Give me the phone.
-What?
-Do you know the password?
Password? Easy. Take this.
What's that?
A decoder.
Wow.
She deleted her Instagram and Facebook.
She was probably bombarded.
Let's check her call history.
WULAI FIRE
FOOD SAFETY BREACH
FATAL CAR CRASH
XAHEM HA EUMU
BULGARIAN TEXT DETECTED
DO YOU WANT TO TRANSLATE IT?
CALLING
Amy Hostel, hello.
For Chinese service, please dial 1.
Hostel?
Why did a hostel call?
BULGARIAN INTO CHINESE (TRADITIONAL)
Amy Hostel.
Hi, I'm Li Hsin-ping,
High-Tech Crime Unit.
I'm requesting this week's guest records.
Sure. Let me get the manager.
Okay, please hurry.
Hi, sir. A police officer
is requesting the guest records.
Alright.
Witch Baba?
Hey, fuck! It's her!
Hey…
Hey.
-Stop!
-Why the hell are you running?
Hey!
Hey.
Where are you running to?
Go the other way.
What?
Which way is that?
Stop right there!
Hey, stop!
Don't go!
Stop running!
Who are you?
Who the hell are you?
Where is my daughter?
I don't know…
-Tell me where she is!
-I don't know.
I don't know, I'm sorry…
Where is she?
I'm asking where Yu-chieh is!
Please save Yu-chieh.
Can you save Yu-chieh?
I'm begging you.
Please save Yu-chieh.
Please.
This is all we had last time, right?
There was a candle, too.
Yes, you're right.
Thank you.
I think that's it.
Don't be nervous.
I'm not nervous.
You look stiff. Loosen up a little.
-Fine.
-You got this.
Don't be nervous.
If you mess up, I can edit it out.
No, I'm not.
Ready… Action.
Hello, everyone. I'm Witch Baba.
Today is February 15th.
The fire I predicted actually happened.
-Be extra careful with heaters at home.
-Hey, cut.
-What?
-You forgot your mask.
Right, I totally forgot.
Hold the front, I'll pull it to the back.
Thank you.
-What?
-Wait, it hurts…
You pulled my hair.
I didn't. Put it on yourself.
-You did. You wear it.
-No. You wear it.
-Come here…
-Why should I wear it?
-Quick…
-I'm not the one talking…
No!
-Hurry.
-You wear it. I'm not wearing it.
So someone kidnapped your friend
and forced you to make predictions.
And you went along with it?
Why didn't you call the police?
I didn't know people would die.
And I don't even know who he is.
-If Yu-chieh--
-Shit.
You've been in contact with him
for so long, but you don't know who he is?
Do you know who he is, then?
I'm not the one who caused his accident.
That's not the point.
Why did he go to you, then?
Because you upload videos at a net cafe?
Why did you do it there
in the first place?
-Who did you mess with?
-I honestly don't know.
Stop playing the victim.
Why did you call Yeh Pin-hsuan?
I thought she was the killer.
I just wanted to tell her to stop killing.
What about the car crash video?
How did you obtain that video?
If it was because of that car crash,
I think I know why.
Witch Baba's predictions are all fake.
But a year ago,
Witch Baba predicted a car accident.
Intercontinental Missile upright.
Statue of Liberty reversed.
The Great Fire of London upright.
Next,
there will be a car crash.
That's the car crash in your video.
FATAL CAR CRASH
MOTHER & DAUGHTER DEAD
Subtitle translation by: Coralie Zhang